according to the IUPUI registrar's
website there over 30,000 300 students
on IEP wide standards through a personal
poll that I conducted I found that one
in three students can actually name a
member of our basketball team it's not
all about our basketball team though
talking about pride of this school try
to how you do you are private all that
this school and you have and will
accomplish does the software here I
often ask myself what what if there are
so many students like you and I on this
campus do not take more time to enjoy
all the things that this campus serves
to offer us for those of you the few
learners no outlet for you to get
involved the campus and community life
website details that there are over 307
campus organizations for you to get
involved in sure you can find one more
than anything I'd like to tell you why
you need to take pride in this school
our school I'd like to persuade you to
take action and improve the community
atmosphere of this great institution
I'd like you to improve your own
personal pride and I'd like you to
visualize a campus where everyone's
proud to be here if students we increase
their pride in the school it would serve
to improve the campus atmosphere the to
need can find IUPUI lacks let's take
let's take are you and pretty good for
example let's take on you agree for
example ladies determine those students
love them school they have pride in
their school and their community
atmosphere is tremendous probably a few
I would be greatly improved as students
would accept that this is neither I you
nor Purdue then go to how you pick you
are and it's up to them to make their
campus experience special on their own
at the school that they do go to now
IUPUI is emphatically normative of how
you and Purdue but we're becoming
increasingly different and more
independent according to college or comm
one of the third largest public school
in the state of Indiana and we're soon
to be the second the short number of
years why why there's so many students
like you and I on this campus can we not
do something as simple as still a
basketball until one in rich iwi Jack's
calm states seats only 1215 students
further according to the sophomore
basketball player leader are nobles
playing to an empty basketball tube is
full deep rainy it makes you compare
yourself to other schools and wish that
you attend in court what what's at fault
here once all those students pride in
this campus is nothing even that of our
athletes I learned argue that this
discrepancy as a result of IUPUI
students not wanting to take pride in
their school but like I said it's not
all about the basketball team and
community atmosphere isn't the only
problem I realize privately greatly
improved if students would begin to
utilize the often underutilized
resources available resources such as
the riders left the speakers left the
CRC and even campus and community life
all of which support academic success
and community
here at IUPUI further the students would
just take time to explore this campus
it's been more than their class time
here and enjoy the beauty of this school
they're privately greatly increased to
loosely put Gayle Williams assistant
dean of the university college students
and IUPUI are becoming parking-lot
students they go from their car to their
class they go back to their car they eat
their sandwich they go back to class
they go back to their car and they take
a nap and then they go back to their
class and then they had fun get out of
your car join a campus organization get
the ball make the friend so now that you
see the pride in this campus is a
problem what can we do to solve issues
what sort of broad solution can be
implemented to improve students pride
night Pui our proposed that students
would simply set aside their previous
affiliations and understand that they go
to IEP you are a world-renowned
University that has received many
national honours and has now thanks
program that continues to excel and
succeed with the passing of each year
just recently this winter I appeal I had
its first homecoming celebration in the
forty years of its existence I would
propose that these activities continue
out of the both the more be started
lighting I want more publicity about
these activities whether it be through
student to student or the professor
disturbing I want to see that not only
students have pride in what they're
doing here but that the professors are
proud of what they're doing as well and
conjunction with the continuation of
homecoming activities I'd like to see
that students start more and more campus
organizations and keep up with their
regular meetings because you see the
more organizations we have the more we
see students spending time on campus and
being proud of what they're doing in
theater so now that you know how to
solve a problem take a second visual
essence imagine and IUPUI where all of
the students IEP one pair where they're
all proud to say that they go to IU
their product said that this was their
first choice because they came to this
school and they saw higher on the faces
of every student that went here and they
knew that they wanted to go to this
institution a school founded on spirit
pride and tradition they wanted to come
here because they knew that they're
gonna give a world-class education with
opportunities to succeed at the college
experience that they'd only dreamed of
with thinking of other schools imagine
an IUP life full of product you're
wasting your time and your college
experience by not taking pride in what
you're doing here
you chose to be here man up get out of
your car make a friend eat lunch with
Campus Center
have fun somewhere else other than
abrupt your Xbox screen
you agree with me agree with me that
having tried what you're doing here is
vitally important to your college
experience just recently I see you I
announce its 20-year master plan to
revamp the campus I can only hope it
doesn't take that long to improve